in Northern Gaza Israel has targeted a
critical water tank in Taz zata the
contents of the ruptured Reservoir have
poured out onto the streets it comes as
Palestinians across the strip are facing
a dire shortage of fresh water Al jazer
hany Mahmud joins us live now from Khan
yunice in southern Gaza honey so just
bring us up to date then on Israel's
overnight bombing and that attack again
on the magazi refugee
camp
yes well as people in Gaza and the
northern part we're still pondering the
decision of leaving Gaza to the southern
part at late hours of last night at
about 11:30 a major air strike with
multiple rockets and falling bombs on Al
maazi refugee camp destroying multiple
residential homes and an entire
residential neighborhood was turned into
rubbles about uh more than uh 30 people
have been pronounced killed right at the
spot with a little over aund of injuries
uh with these with situations like these
and giving the density of the area it's
hard to uh to pin exactly how many
people uh have been killed we need to
wait until we get more updates as there
are people more people are still under
the rebels it's important to notice that
a this is a residential home that was
targeted but giving the intens it of the
damage and the level of Destruction it
destroy multiple surrounding buildings
uh to the point they were turned into a
pile of rebels we'll have to wait for
more updates about the exact number of
casualties and hany we're also hearing
uh about an attack on the main water
supply tank at talal zata what have you
been hearing
there yes well given the uh the level of
of of these attacks and and and and it's
a total war on on on Palestinians living
in Gaza Strip the new Israel strategy
seems to be to attack every elements of
of living a standard uh in in the in
Gaza City and the southern part and the
northern part of Gaza in and the
southern part as uh water tank was also
hit in in eastern of the one major water
supply tank that covers a close to 60%
of Water Supplies to people of jabalia
uh has been completely destroyed leaving
people without access to water what
seems to be a forced displacement of
residents who are stranded in Gaza and
the northern part when you take all of
these living elements uh living elements
that help people sustain their
day-to-day life people won't have a
choice but to leave and this is what
seems the new tax
in addition to the unpredictable falling
bombs and the ongoing air strike that
hasn't stopped for almost a month now
all right Han mmud live for us there in
Han Unis in southern Gaza hany thank you
for that